README.md, before:

# GitSearch


## Author

[Owiti-Charles](https://github.com/Owiti-Charles)

## Description

This is Agular CLI application that allows a user to enter a GitHub username into a form, submit it, and see names and descriptions of that person's public repositories. A person can also look for repositories based on github user name. 

## Live Page 
https://Owiti-charles.github.io/Git-Search/ 



Composed of two main components.
* `Search Users` -search for users on git-hub based on their usernames.
* `Search Repositories` -search for repositories on git-hub based on their authoers name.

## BDD ##
| Behavior                  | Input                     | Output                    |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Search for a github profile |Enter the username of the github User name | Displays the name, username, number of repositories,Joining date, followers, following and lists the repos  |

## Installation / Setup instruction
* Open Terminal {Ctrl+Alt+T}

* git clone ```https://github.com/Owiti-Charles/Git-Search.git```

* cd Git-Search

* code . or atom . based on the text editor you have.

* Run ng serve for a dev server. 

* Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. 

* `npm install && ng serve`

## Technology used ##

* Angular CLI
* HTML 
* CSS
* Bootstrap 
* Typescript
* Generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.1.

## Known Bugs
* No known bug now but pull requests are encouraged

## Contact Information 

If you have any question or contributions, please email me at [mikeycharlesm7@gmail.com]

## License
* *MIT License:*
* Copyright (c) 2019 **Owiti Charles**

Commit message:

Modify Readme to include a include a screenshot of the site

README.md, after:

# GitSearch


## Author

[Owiti-Charles](https://github.com/Owiti-Charles)

## Description

This is Agular CLI application that allows a user to enter a GitHub username into a form, submit it, and see names and descriptions of that person's public repositories. A person can also look for repositories based on github user name.

## Screenshot
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Owiti-Charles/Git-Search/master/src/assets screenshotgitsearch.png" width="900px" height="440px"

## Live Page 
https://Owiti-charles.github.io/Git-Search/ 



Composed of two main components.
* `Search Users` -search for users on git-hub based on their usernames.
* `Search Repositories` -search for repositories on git-hub based on their authoers name.

## BDD ##
| Behavior                  | Input                     | Output                    |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Search for a github profile |Enter the username of the github User name | Displays the name, username, number of repositories,Joining date, followers, following and lists the repos  |

## Installation / Setup instruction
* Open Terminal {Ctrl+Alt+T}

* git clone ```https://github.com/Owiti-Charles/Git-Search.git```

* cd Git-Search

* code . or atom . based on the text editor you have.

* Run ng serve for a dev server. 

* Navigate to http://localhost:4200/. 

* `npm install && ng serve`

## Technology used ##

* Angular CLI
* HTML 
* CSS
* Bootstrap 
* Typescript
* Generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.2.1.

## Known Bugs
* No known bug now but pull requests are encouraged

## Contact Information 

If you have any question or contributions, please email me at [mikeycharlesm7@gmail.com]

## License
* *MIT License:*
* Copyright (c) 2019 **Owiti Charles**
